Calling thread:- A calling thread is the thread that calls a method or the thread inside
which a method is called. If thread 1 calls method A then calling thread of method A is thread 1

suspend function:- suspend functions don't block the thread they are running on instead they free up
the thread for other tasks ensuring smother performance, especially on the UI thread. They can
pause their execution without blocking the calling thread and can be resumed later.
suspend function should call only within coroutine or another suspend function.
### How suspend functions work under the hood (internally)
1) State Machine Transformation
2) Continuations
3) Callbacks Behind The Scenes
-- when we declare function with a suspend modifier the kotlin compiler does some extra work to make
-- the pausing and resuming possible.
  1] State Machine Transformation:- kotlin compiler transforms suspend functions into series of
   state machines. each state machine represents part of functions. when a function suspend
   it saves its current state.when resumes it starts from its saved state
  2] Continuations:- it is an object holds current state and context of computation. every suspend
   function takes additional hidden parameter used to control flow of execution.

Thread pool:-
coroutine context:-
Dispatchers:-
i] Dispatchers.Main:- It will start a coroutine in the main thread and that is useful when you want
  to perform UI operations from within your coroutine because you can only change UI from main thread
ii] Dispatchers.IO:- Used for all kinds of data operations such as networking , writing to databases
iii] Dispatchers.Default:- Used when you are planning for doing complex and long running lets say if
you have list of 10000 elements then you should use default to not block main thread
***iv] Dispatcher.Unconfined:- unconfined dispatcher is not limited to a specific thread or thread
 pool It allows the coroutine to start on the current thread where it was launched
v] runBlocking:- This will block our UI updates. This can be used when we want to use suspend
function. and suspend function must not be asynchronous.
vii] Async and wait:-
